chain3 the most open television that I
a delicious frozen dessert with strawberries
and oats but before I would like
very much to send greetings to all the people
that is very aware of the recipes and
good he writes me
thank you very much greetings is my page
facebook natalia delgado and I wait for you
we are with all the recipes and for
course many greetings the first
salute
by laura many greetings
laura castelán says natalia I want
tell you that I really like your recipes
because you make them so practical to do
and very accessible a lot of happiness work
God bless you mother please
Greetings I see you from Ciudad Juarez
chihuahua kisses laura of course
also greetings out there she is barbaric
I love Natalia as much as I cook
he is so funny and very easy to
prepare, my name is Barbara Santoyo
Barbara many kisses thank you very much for
be on the lookout and here says hello
I am lila from the state of Mexico always
I see the program and I really like your
recipes are very easy and delicious to
my family loves it and I would like it
tell me how to make the chiles in
very nogada
soon it is so easy it is weak in angry
not in nogada
and it's not so easy, I'm going to do them in
september I promise you ivette garcía
says or natalia angus help you and see you
in the morning I leave these photos and
you know the kids doing your recipes
guess what they did what
delight the cupcakes true and time
delicious apple say thank you
for sharing their tips with the public
recipes and the options you give us are
excellent thanks and see I send you a
I kiss you and your children well hopefully
keep in touch with us through
from natalia delgado I like it
know about you ingredients in
screen today we will do a freeze of
Strawberries with delicious oats are required
two cups chopped strawberries chopped
wright two cups of plain yogurt
a cream cheese bar
half a cup of condensed milk
a cup of cream and for shopping two
powdered cookies cups 2 cup
oatmeal 2 bars of melted butter a
quarter cup of mashed sugar one
vanilla teaspoon and is all that
you require to make this dessert
delicious that you will love vide
let's start let's put we're going to
do the topping ok oatmeal cookies
pulverized marias are made in the
very simple blender we are going to
incorporate a little sugar
Mascabado or 'brown sugar' in the north
we call brown sugar here in the center
and south is sugar muscovado let's put
butter can be melted or it can
be at room temperature which
we want to do is the toppings then
with your hands we will start to include
the butter
the cookies and the oatmeal is very
important to leave thick lumps so that
the top is crispy milestone and as is
frozen
I love this dessert that is very
refreshing for all the people who have
heat right now here in the city
from mexico to a wonderful climate the
I'm really happy with these days
but in the north we are good they are
passing a tremendous heat so
Many greetings and this dessert that I think
that is going to be ideal so let's
include it very well we make our
toppings we are going to add vanilla
a trickle of vanilla extract for
to give you a taste even more ay not know
how oatmeal smells delicious to the
cookie if you want to not sugar
really muscovado the cookie already has
Sweet already has sugar but if you
he wants you can put him if he is not
optional is a little bit nothing but yes
is trying to
- your face to your family can do without
from her easily then we already have
here exactly how we want
let's divide the toppings we're going to
make the base of our cake or of
our frozen we have a refractory
that can enter the freezer we put
half and we started to press like
we were making a cheese country
just like that then we put
butter avn remember biscuits and
vanilla then good at home what
we make very very nice very neat
clean and small and the base was left
I'm going to clean my hands to be able
continue making the filling then
the filling is very simple we are also going
to put a bar of cream cheese
at room temperature so it's
well soft and do not have any
problem look how smooth it is then not
have no problem to include it with
the rest of the ingredients we are going to
put yoghurt I love it because it's acid
it's much lighter it combines very very
well and you will like it because this is going to
to be as if it were an ice cream as if
out a strawberry ice cream then
You do not know what it smells like plain yogurt let
put a little cream can be
half cream or whipped cream or cream
Whoever you prefer and milk
condensed that is going to an excellent
taste is already imagining truth how
will be
what rich fresh strawberries of course
you can put raspberry you can put
peach berries mango the fruit you want
you can put grapes because not what
like then after doing this
delicious capital this stuff we're going to
put the topping the tópix is ​​already without
press nothing but sprinkle this
way yes and we put it in the freezer
all night very important that you leave it
freeze all night so that at
next day have your wonderful to my
fellow friends
thank you very much for appreciating this
beauty delicious taste that surely
has this delicious dessert and the
wonderful presentation smells I already know
that if he lived you know that always
I'm talking about aromas but it's
very important as that of the actions
that all the senses do not desile well
well it's delicious thank you sorry
spoil the presentation but it's
I can not help it, existence is
as much if with some strawberry ice cream
with yoghurt like that until I tremble
nutritious super rich to the truth already you
I say
and apart it 's so good for breakfast
that your infant subscribe to our
youtube channel and find out before
nobody of what your artists do
Favorites starts right now giving you
click on these videos